Draft Ideas and Brainstorming for Post

What do I want to talk about

"1 year of Being a Scientist in Jamaica"


1. It's not easy to find places to apply to, especially depending on your field
2. It does feel like Science and scientists knowledge isnt valued sometimes.
3. It can be hard to find funding for your research, or even just to get it off the ground, even if you see the value down the line.
lack of science infrastructure.


Lessons Learned
1. We need to keep learned. It's the "philosophy of science", but we need to keep learning. Keep Reading. In your field, and About your field. Education cannot stop or stagnate on Graduation.

2. You need to reach out everywhere, and put yourself out there agressively.

3. To be effective scientists, I think we need to be more than just scientists. I was annoyed at the time, but some of our Foundation courses as STEM students were a good idea. we need to expand those. From a year out, I'd Advise:
 + Grant and Proposal Writing - sourcing money to do your science
 + Basics of economic/Finance - Understanding how the money that funds your research works
 + Project Management - How to organise and implement projects, which includes experiments and research projects
 + Basics of Entrepeneurship - Creating business off your research


-----------------------------------------------------------
CONTEXT
So I am Me, degree in xyz. graduated in covid. this is a post sharing my experiences as a young scientist in Ja.

Overall, its been a fun ride. discouraging at times. exciting at others. I chose it because i loved it, and that hasnt changed. But I'd be a liar if I said hadn't thought of doing something else for a while, something easier. I'd be lying if I said other options hadn't crossed my mind, or even that some doubts still linger. I have most definitely not figured everything out, and my journey is really just starting.


Brief Summary 
      What I've Done: So far since graduation, I've 
           worked with a startup, 
           done an Internship with DBML, 
           Decided on my preferred "Area" of marine biology and want to do more Research in it
           
           

What I Like
      I'm in the field im passionate about.
      I've managed to be on the water and in the water
      I've done hands on, practical work 
      I can look back ands == see new skills i've cultivated over the year
      
What I Dont Like
      Getting funding is hard
      Theres not a ton of organisations out there so you may need to move more than you'd like
      Politics is everywhere, including science
      
What I'd Change/Advice
      Keep Learning
      Be more than just a scientist
      The top supplementary Science Skills
      
A call to discuss with my Email/twitter DMs open
